ATO-218 Always set slot values (#11333)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/11333.bugfix.md

`SlotSet` events will be emitted even if slot value remains unchanged.

> Previously, `ActionExtractSlots` would not emit any `SlotSet` events if the value remains
> unchanged. However, this breaks the augmented memoization policy cause it will lose these
> slot values when truncating the tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, `ActionExtractSlots` would not emit any `SlotSet` events if the new value was the same as the existing one. This caused the augmented memoization policy to lose these
slot values when truncating the tracker. 
```
